How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    By using a diff command, you can know what has changed in a said file and where is that change.
	That helps you to know where a typo can be in your code or where you had some syntax wrong.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If you know there's an older version of your code where some specific feature worked and 
	suddenly, after you made some changes it stops working, you can go back to the older version and
	make the changes more carefully.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The cons are that you control the moment where it is saved and you don't get 
	commits that are too big or too small, just what you need.
	On the other side, the cons are that you have to remember when is necessary to
	save your copy and that it could break your work flow.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    When you're coding, usually changes in one of your files affect other files too, because they
	are highly related between them. On the other hand, when you're in Google Docs your text document
	usually is not related with other files like spreadsheets, so you don't have to keep track of them together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    With git log you can see the history of all the commits submitted and by using git diff,
	you can see what has changed in the files between commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because in any moment, you can go back and undo the changes so your code still works.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
